# 2021-06-17
Returning to this after nearly a year and I'm reviewing the design.

I have quite a few thoughts on this on how I'd like to change it, primarily around the domain, the aggregates and the events. 

## Issues:
Here are my thoughts so far:
- The UseCase class is tied to a UI notifier
    - Usecase should have no concept of a UI or a notifier
        - Need to be pushed into the controller level
- Game aggregate is much too big a boundary
    - Uses too many projections, hard to follow
    - Should be decomposed into smaller aggregates
        - E.g. RoundCards, RoundBetting    
        - Enriching events with more data could enable this
- Lack of tests
    - UI, notifications and controllers all need to be tested
    
## Things done well:
It's not all bad, there are quite a few decisions that have really panned out:
- Separation of UI notifications from domain events
- Handling of reconnections is solid
    - Send the subset of notifications required to display the round, that's it
- Rendering is basic (jQuery) but it works, also easy to change
- Separating the sockets from the players/game was a nice touch
    - Made it much cleaner in the domain and allowed the controller to take care of that
    - Many headaches avoided
    
## Improvements
Some ideas I have for how I'd like to improve this.

### Aggregate size
The main issue is the aggregate size. Right now the game is the aggregate and has a single event stream. This is ridiculous. The entire thing should be decomposed into multiple smaller aggregates with richer events. The goal is for aggregates to never use global projections for checking invariants, they should contain all the data required to make a decision. If it requires a global project then that's a code smell.

### Lack of tests
Need to look into a proper testing strategy. The tests that are there are not great, they were thrown together once the app got too complex and current me views them as messy. I've moved beyond that and believe they should be properly unit tests, with acceptance tests to ensure the flows work, and potentially end-to-end tests to ensure the thing actually runs.

### Typescript
Right now we're using vanilla JS, which suited me fine since that's what I know. However the IDE has difficulty understanding and navigating the code I've written. I can find no faults with my code, but the IDE keeps showing errors that aren't errors. No idea why. My hope is the moving to a typed language will solve this problem, while also moving towards a proper class structure which will be easier for me to understand.

I'm going to leave it at that, this project is purely for my own fun and education. I'll review this later and consider my next steps.
